---
tags:
  - homework
  - 2nd-semester
  - 2025-04-22
---

### 11

1. Distributed denial of service
2. By flooding traffic with a constant flow of fraudulent requests
3. DoS is performed by single machine, while DDoS is carried out by multiple computers
4. Because it is easier to pinpoint
5. DDoS is an attack from multiple sources all at once
6. Botnet is a network of infected devices used in DDoS attacks
7. For financial reasons, political reasons, for fun

### 12

1. A virus can stay dormant **until** a particular event activates it. 
2. A Trojan looks **like** an ordinary, useful file or program. 
3. A worm does not need to attach itself **to** another program. 
4. Spyware works **in** the background aiming to collect confidential information of the user. 
5. A hacker is someone who tries to break **into** a computer system. 
6. We aren't permitted to download files from the Internet **without** authorization. 
7. Since phishing is a serious crime, we are working **with** federal police to stop it. 
8. A lost database can result **in** receiving unwanted sales calls. 
9. In case **of** data breach, all the affected customer are informed as soon as possible. 
10. These viruses not only spread malicious code, they also replace the information contained **within** other programs.

### 13

backdoor / a worm / software piracy / salami shaving /  /  / a miner / hijacking / a DDoS attack / defacement / ransomware /  phishing / a Trojan horse / piggybacking 
 
1. **Spyware** is malicious software designed to enter a computer device, gather data about a person or organization and forward it to a third party without a user’s consent.  
2. **Adware** is a form of financially supported malware that usually presents itself as unwanted commercials.  
3. **A keylogger** is a type of spyware used to monitor and record each keystroke on a specific keyboard. The information is gathered and sent to the attacker. This malware is most often used for stealing passwords.  
4.  is a standalone malicious computer program that replicates itself to infect other computers. It is able to spread across the network directly without attaching itself to an existing program.  
5. ________ is a type of cybercrime which involves redirecting anyone trying to visit a certain site elsewhere. 
6. ________ is an attack where hackers overload networks and servers with traffic so that computer systems are unable to keep up with legitimate needs. 
7. ________ is any malware that misleads users of its true intent by pretending to be a useful program.  
8. ________ is a type of cybercrime where the attacker sends a fake message designed to trick a person into revealing sensitive information to the attacker. 
9. ________ is using technology to open the Internet connection to unwanted users.  
10. ________ is a type of malware that threatens to publish the victim’s data, encrypts the victim’s data or blocks access to the device unless a payment is made.  
11. ________ is a virus which uses your computer power to earn cryptocurrency for others. 
12. ________ is unauthorized copying of a program for sale or distributing to other users. 
13. ________ is a technique that involves leaving, within a completed program, an illicit program that allows unauthorized and unknown entry. 
14. ________ is a cybercrime which involves changing the information shown on another person's website. 
15. ________ is a computer crime in which a program is altered so that it transfers a small amount of money from a large number of accounts to make a large profit. 