---
tags:
  - homework
  - 2nd-semester
  - 2025-03-01
---

### 7. What are the alternatives to Google?

Google is a globally recognized search engine and an industry giant. But even if it’s the biggest and most well-known, it doesn’t mean it’s your only choice. One of the main reasons that people choose to use an alternative search engine instead is for increased privacy, as Google is known to track user data both for its own and thirdparty use.

#### Bing

internal features / pretty handy / versatile tool / catch up

Microsoft’s Bing has become an alternative search engine option for many people today. It’s easy to use and provides beautiful background photos. Just like Google, Bing is full of (1) _________ like currency conversion, translation, and flight
tracking, making it a really (2) _________ that holds its niche in the global market. 19 While you’re likely familiar with Bing, you might not know that it offers a Rewards scheme. When you shop or search through Bing, you earn points that can be put towards purchasing apps and movies, which is (3) _________. Bing has recently been trying to (4) _________ with Google in the advertising space, adding a number of features to Bing Ads. While Bing doesn’t have the market share that Google does, it is still popular in many markets including the U.S. and the U.K.

#### Baidu

censored / was founded / similar to / per day / downside

Baidu (5) _________ in 2000 and is the dominant search engine in China with a market share of over 70 percent. Although in Mandarin, it is strikingly (6) _________ Google in terms of design. However, Baidu is heavily (7) _________. Certain images and even pro-democracy websites are blocked on the search engine. Outside of China, Baidu holds little influence. But within the country, Baidu powers 3.3 billion searches (8) _________. The (9) _________ to Baidu is that it only gives access to one market. The upside is that the market it gives access to is huge. That said, it’s crucial for businesses to understand that accessing the Chinese market is not like accessing any other. The visuals, verbiage and customs are entirely different and Google Translate isn’t going to help you win any customers over. To access the Chinese market via Baidu, you need someone on staff who speaks the language and understands the culture.

#### Yandex

went public / holds / user-friendly / was adopted

Yandex is used extensively in its native Russia, where it (10) _________ around 60% of the search engine market share. It provides a very similar service to Google, and you can search websites, images, videos, and news in a (11) _________ layout. It also has additional features including mobile apps, maps, translation, cloud storage and more. Yandex has its roots in a project started by two Russian developers to aid in the classification of patents in 1990. The term Yandex (12) _________ in 1993 standing for “Yet Another iNDEXer.” The Yandex.ru domain was launched in 1997. In 2011, they (13) _________ on the New York Stock Exchange with an IPO (initial public 20 offering) of $1.3 billion making it the second largest at the time (right after Google). Yandex currently powers more than half of all searches in Russia.

#### Ecosia

towards / renewable energy / on average
Heavy search engine usage has a considerable impact on CO2 emissions. That is
where Ecosia comes in: the CO2 neutral alternative search engine. Their servers run on
100% (14) _________ and they use their profit to plant trees. About 80% of their ads
revenue goes (15) _________ the tree-planting scheme. (16) _________, roughly 45
searches are needed to plant a single tree.
Search Encrypt
erases / be tracked / encryption
Search Encrypt is a privacy-based search engine, which uses (17) _________ to
ensure that users’ identifiable information cannot (18) _________. As a metasearch
engine, Search Encrypt gets its results from a network of search partners, providing
well-rounded results that aren’t personalized to your history. A really interesting
feature of this search engine is that it automatically (19) _________ your local
browsing history after 15 minutes of inactivity. This means that you never have to
worry about your privacy, even if someone else has access to your computer.