---
tags:
  - homework
  - 2nd-semester
  - 2024-05-30
---
## [[2024-05-24 Семинар - English]]

## 227

1. This building is said to have been built in the 15th century.
2. This meeting is supposed to end at 10 o'clock.
3. Cold weather was not expected to come so soon.
4. Among three of her sisters Bronte Charlotte is considered to be the most talented.
5. English writer Woyniach is known to have lived in St Petersburg and studied Russian literature.
6. Russian literature is considered to have influenced her works.
7. The Romans are known to have built quality roads on the British Islands.
8. Walter Schott is considered to be a creator of historical novel genre.
9. The expedition is reported to have reached its destination.
10. They are thought to know more than they would like to show.
11. He is said to have been working on his invention for a few years already.
12. This article is said to have been translated to all languages of the world.
13. They are expected to win this match.
14. He is said to be a famous racer.
15. She is said to have starred in Hollywood.
16. He is said to be singing at the closing Olympic ceremony.
17. The train was seen to be approaching.
18. The meeting is expected to end at 10 o'clock.
19. (same as 10)
20. Jim has proven to be a brave boy.
21. Rochester happened to accidentally meet Jane on the way back home.
22. (same as 11)
23. (same as 12)
24. You seem to have read a lot before entering the university.
25. Zhukovskiy is known to have been an excellent teacher and lector.
26. (same as 3)

## 222 (17-33)

17. I know **her to be** a famous designer.
18. We expected **it to happen** soon.
19. He desired **her to smile** to him.
20. I would like **him to say** a few words about his voyage.
21. The commander let **the soldiers have** a rest.
22. Nasty weather made **him put on** a warm sweater.
23. The bear made **us climb** a tree.
24. The forester made **his son clean** the gun.
25. I won’t let **you play** with this bad boy!
26. The teacher made **us rewrite** our work.
27. The police made **him stop**.
28. The boss makes **him start** a new project.
29. I will make **you do** everything on time.
30. Mother made **us peel** potato.
31. In spring we let **the bird fly** away from the cage.
32. Parents often make **their children drink** milk.
33. Sue let **us do** all the work ourselves yesterday.

## U 4.2 ex. 13(a)

1. to involve - включать
2. to gain - получать
3. to emphasize - подчеркивать
4. flexible - гибкий
5. to refrain from - избегать
6. mindful - внимательный
7. to handle - решать
8. prospective - будущий, потенциальный
