---
tags:
  - seminar
  - 2nd-semester
  - 2024-05-31
---

## 5

1. business - commercial or industrial enterprise
2. cybersecurity - measures taken to protect a computer or computer system
3. regulation - a rule or order having the force of law
4. demand - willingness and ability to purchase goods and services
5. prospects - probabilities or chances for future success
6. career - the job or profession that someone does for a long period of their life

## 6. 

1. Nowadays there is an opinion that people should study different languages only for their professional **career**.
2. There is the marketing service at the enterprise that regulates the prices and deals with the **advertising**.
3. We comply with all laws and **regulations**.
4. The situation is under full control of **cybersecurity** experts.
5. Well - educated information technology (IT) professionals are in great **demand** both in Russia and abroad.
6. Innovative **businesses** are more productive and grow quicker than companies that don't choose to innovate.

## 7.

1. to ensure - to guarantee
2. to process - to manage successfully
3. to embrace - to take in or include as a part
4. to implement - to carry out
5. to sift through - to examine carefully
6. to maintain - to keep in an existing state 
7. to comply with - to conform, or adapt

## 8.

1. Japan is one of the countries that fully **embraced** technology.
2. To carry out a systematic search, the team carefully  **sifted through** and interpreted massive amounts of data from various sources.
3. An energy management system **has ensured** optimal utilization of the available energy.
4. This software **maintains** security and confidentiality by deleting unwanted files on your computer.
5. We also need to consider the way in which data **is processed** and analyzed.
6. In order to protect the information stored in our systems, we **have implemented** security measures, including data encryption technology, and firewalls.

## 10.

1. Bob applied for a new job. He seems to be getting it.
2. Kate is not going to the meeting. She appears to feel unwell.
3. My friend is considering the new offer. He is sure to accept it.
4. Mary is preparing for the interview. She is likely to pass it with flying colors.
5. The employer is interested in the project. He is known to invest in trailblazing ideas.
6. My boss is discussing fringe benefits. He is unlikely to provide them to me though.
7. HR manager is meeting the team. She appears to be about to fire all of us.