---
tags:
  - seminar
  - 2nd-semester
  - 2024-05-24
---

> [!note] Complex object
> Subject + $V$ + Object + $V_{inf}$ + ...
> **Example**: I want you to help me. (Я хочу, чтобы ты мне помог.)
> *We use the infintive without to after:*
> 
> 1. **Verbs of sence perception** (hear, see watch, notice);
> 2. make, get, let;
> 
> After the verbs of sence perception we can use either the infinitive without to or $V_{ing}$ for actions in progress.
> **Example**: Jim saw her enter the train. (Джим увидел, как она зашла в поезд.) / Jim saw her entering the train. (Джим увидел, как она заходила в поезд.)

## 4.

1. values - standarts
2. strength - advantage
3. weakness - flaw
4. benefits - bonuses
5. teamwork - collaboration
6. pressure - stress
7. tips - recommendations

## 5. 

1. Ask people who know you fairly well about your ***strengths and weaknesses***.
2. Effective ***teamwork*** is one of the most important reasons for our success.
3. Here are some ***tips*** that will help you to be a productive and successful
remote worker.
4. Our core company ***values*** are skilled professionals, hard work, investment in new technologies, and problem solving philosophy.
5. As a rule, managers work under ***pressure*** with tight deadlines.
6. Most of the corporations treat men and women equally in training
and ***fringe benefits***.

## 6.

1. to overcome - to successfully deal with or gain control of something difficult
2. to highlight - to center attention on
3. to set apart from somebody - to show someone to be different or special
4. to admit - to concede as true or valid
5. to involve - to include or contain
6. to negotiate - to discuss smth in order to reach an agreement

# Д/з 227 целиком письменно, 222 с 17 до конца, U 4.2 ex. 13 (a,c)