---
tags:
  - homework
  - 2nd-semester
  - 2025-02-13
---

### 3

1. What does ADSL stand for? Why is this type of connection called asymmetric?

ADSL stands for asymmetric digital subscriber line. The asymmetric nature of this connection is due to the difference in upload and download speeds the user gets.

2. What is the difference between a dial-up connection and DSL?

Dial-up connection uses analogue signals (literally noise) to send data after dialing up a telephone number. The DSL connection, on the other hand, uses digital signals to transmit data.

3. What is the origin of the term dial-up connection?

The term originates from the way the connection is established in this type of connection: in order for user to connect to the internet the modem used to dial up a set telephone number.

4. What is the downside of cable Internet?

In cases where many users shared a single cable this type of connection could under-perform due to the limited bandwidth.

5. How is data transferred over fiber-optic cables?

In fiber optic cable the data is transferred using light pulses: bright signifying 1 and dim signifying 0. 

6. What types of wireless Internet connections are mentioned in the text?

Wi-Fi, satellite connection, cellular connection.

7. What equipment does one need to get access to the Internet through satellite systems? 

 To get access to the Internet, one needs a satellite dish for two-way data communications and a modem.

### 4

a) simultaneously
b) premise
c) digital signal
d) low-cost option
e) competitive prices
f) reliable
g) consistent signal
h) dedicated line
i) distortion of signal
j) interference

### 8

In telecommunication, a packet is a small **amount** of data sent over a network, such as a LAN or the Internet. When a user sends a file across a network, it is not transferred as one **piece**. In fact, it gets **broken down** into smaller data packets and this technology **ensures** reliable and efficient data transmission. So, if a data transfer encounters network **congestion** due to multiple simultaneous transfers, some packets can be **rerouted** through a less congested path. When the packets reach their **destination**, they are reassembled into a single file by the computer that receives them. The packet size is typically **determined** by the type of protocol used. Ethernet packets can be around 1.5 KB, whereas IP packet average size is 64 KB. Similar to a real-life package having a source and destination, each network packet **includes** the origin IP address, the destination IP address, the number of packets in the entire data
file, and the sequence number to guarantee the **reliable** data transmission.
